k0s docs update (#733)
k0sproject/k0s: docs/k0s-multi-node.md

As k0s binary has everything it needs packaged into a single binary, it makes it super easy to spin up Kubernetes clusters.

## Prerequisites

Install k0s as documented in the [installation instructions](k0s-install.md)

## Bootstrapping a controller node

Create a configuration file:

```sh
$ k0s default-config > k0s.yaml

```
If you wish to tune some of the settings please checkout [configuration](configuration.md) details.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

As k0s binary has everything it needs packaged into a single binary, it makes it super easy to spin up Kubernetes clusters.

## Pre-requisites
## Prerequisites

Download k0s binary from [releases](https://github.com/k0sproject/k0s/releases/latest) and push it to all the nodes you wish to connect to the cluster.
Install k0s as documented in the [installation instructions](k0s-install.md)

That's it, really.

## Bootstrapping controller node
## Bootstrapping a controller node

Create a [configuration](configuration.md) file if you wish to tune some of the settings.
Create a configuration file:

```sh
$ k0s default-config > k0s.yaml

```
$ k0s controller -c k0s.yaml
```
If you wish to modify some of the settings, please check out the [configuration](configuration.md) documentation.

That's it, really. k0s process will act as a "supervisor" for all the control plane components. In few seconds you'll have the control plane up-and-running.
```sh
$ k0s install controller 
INFO[2021-02-25 15:34:59] Installing k0s service
$ systemctl start k0scontroller
```

> Naturally, to make k0s boot up the control plane when the node itself reboots you should really make the k0s process to be supervised by systemd or some other init system.

Reviewer 2: made redundant by previous step (k0s install), so should be removed.

> ## Create join token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a join token
```

> ## Pre-requisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> Install k0s using [instructions](k0s-install.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install k0s as documented in the [installation instructions](k0s-install.md)
```

> ## Bootstrapping controller node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bootstrapping a controller node
```

Create a [configuration](configuration.md) file if you wish to tune some of the settings.

> 

Reviewer 2: Worth adding the `k0s default-config` command and then forward users to the configuration page.

```

> $ k0s install controller -c k0s.yaml 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ k0s install controller 
```

Isn't that the default

INFO[2021-02-25 15:34:59] Installing k0s service

> $ systemctl start k0scontroller.service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ systemctl start k0scontroller
```

```

> That's it, really. k0s process will act as a "supervisor" for all the control plane components. In few seconds you'll have the control plane up-and-running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it, really. k0s process will act as a "supervisor" for all of the control plane components. In few seconds you'll have the control plane up-and-running.
```

> This will output a long [token](#tokens) which we will use to join the worker. To enhance security, we can also set an expiration time on the tokens by using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will output a long [token](#tokens) which we will use to join a worker to the cluster. To enhance security, we can also set an expiration time for the token by using:
```

```sh

> k0s token create --role=worker --expiry="100h" > token-file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ k0s token create --role=worker --expiry=100h > token-file
```

```

> ## Joining worker(s) to cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding workers to a cluster
```

> To join the worker we need to run k0s in worker mode with the token from previous step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To join the worker we need to run k0s in worker mode with the token from the previous step:
```

k0s token create --role=worker
```

This will output a long [token](#tokens) which we will use to join a worker to the cluster. To enhance security, we can also set an expiration time for the token by using:
```sh
$ k0s token create --role=worker --expiry=100h > token-file
```

## Adding Workers to a Cluster

To join the worker we need to run k0s in worker mode with the token from the previous step:
```sh
$ k0s install worker --token-file /path/to/token/file
```

> That's it, really.

Reviewer 2: We have this sentence already a few too many times in the documentation ;) Let's drop it here.

> To create a join token for the new controller, run the following on existing controller node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a join token for the new controller, run the following on an existing controller node:
```

```sh

> k0s token create --role=controller --expiry=1h > token-file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ k0s token create --role=controller --expiry=1h > token-file
```

```

On the new controller, run:
```sh

> k0s install controller --token-file /path/to/token/file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ k0s install controller --token-file /path/to/token/file
```

> ## Join controller node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding a controller node
```

> To be able to add a new controller node to the cluster you must be using either etcd or some externalized data store (MySQL or Postgres) via kine. Please pay extra attention to the [HA Configuration](configuration.md#configuring-an-ha-control-plane) section in the configuration documentation, and make sure this configuration is identical for all controller nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To  add new controller nodes to the cluster, you must be using either etcd or an external data store (MySQL or Postgres) via kine. Please pay extra attention to the [HA Configuration](configuration.md#configuring-an-ha-control-plane) section in the configuration documentation, and make sure this configuration is identical for all controller nodes.
```

> To be able to join a new controller node into the cluster you must be using either etcd or some externalized data store (MySQL or Postgres) via kine. Also make sure the [configurations](configuration.md) match for the data storage on all controller nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To be able to add a new controller node to the cluster you must be using either etcd or some externalized data store (MySQL or Postgres) via kine. Please pay extra attention to the [HA Configuration](configuration.md#configuring-an-ha-control-plane) section in the configuration documentation, and make sure this configuration is identical for all controller nodes.
```

To create a join token for the new controller, run the following on an existing controller node:
```sh
$ k0s token create --role=controller --expiry=1h > token-file
```

On the new controller, run:
```sh

> $ k0s install controller --token-file /path/to/token/file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ sudo k0s install controller --token-file /path/to/token/file
```

On the controller, run the following to generate a kubeconfig for a user:

```sh
$ k0s kubeconfig create [username]
```

### Enabling Access to Cluster Resources
To allow the user access to the cluster, the user needs to be created with the `system:masters` group:
```sh

> $ clusterUser="testUser"
> $ k0s kubeconfig create --groups "system:masters" $clusterUser > ~/.kube/config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ k0s kubeconfig create --groups "system:masters" testUser > k0s.config
```

```

Create the proper roleBinding, to allow the user access to the resources:
```sh

> $ k0s kubectl create clusterrolebinding $clusterUser-admin-binding --clusterrole=admin --user=$clusterUser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ k0s kubectl create clusterrolebinding --kubeconfig k0s.config testUser-admin-binding --clusterrole=admin --user=testUser
```

On the controller, run the following to generate a kubeconfig for a user:

```sh
$ k0s kubeconfig create [username]
```

### Enabling Access to Cluster Resources
To allow the user access to the cluster, the user needs to be created with the `system:masters` group:
```sh
$ k0s kubeconfig create --groups "system:masters" testUser > k0s.config
```

> Create the proper roleBinding, to allow the user access to the resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `roleBinding` to grant the user access to the resources:
```
